Yo
You bitch deliberately piss me off
My brother provokes my sister-in-law to treat me like this every day
Others want to know that I do cleaning
How do you want me to live?
You're going to twist me into cement and sit on it
Didn't I just ask you to sweep the floor?
It's going to die on you.
Let you start from Yanshi Group again from cleaning
That's a moral lesson.
If you let me see me just dueling again
Completely disappeared from the Yanshi Group
Brother, I just scare him
Nothing happened.
Brother Yuan is still in the hospital
You just watch him bully me like this
I'm fine because your brother saved me
Because I don't know what I will do in the yuan card later
Go to the hotel with him, right?
If it weren't for me and you, I would have slept with him long ago
How dare you cut me like this?
By the way, if you can't get your work done today
Tomorrow is another life
I'm done.
You fuck me for life
OK, then you have to think carefully.
The old man will be because of your little thing
Can help you
Your brother has frozen all the money in your account
If you can't finish this job